Cicdcatalogchanges (#3845)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/CICD/Tutorials/CICD_Tutorial_GitHub_From_Code_To_Product.md

        If none of the names match, select *DataMiner CICD AutomationScript*.

     1. Copy the content of the workflow file and paste it into your new workflow file.

1. Open a new browser window or tab, go to <https://sonarcloud.io/projects/create>, and create a project for the correct organization.

1. Enter the ID of the project as shown in the SonarCloud project URL as the `sonarCloudProjectName`.

1. Open a new browser window or tab, and create and add the necessary [GitHub secrets](xref:GitHub_Secrets) that you see in the workflow..

1. Go back to your pipeline file and click *Commit Changes*.

   Commit the changes directly to the master branch.

1. Go to the *Actions* tab.

   You should see your new workflow running. It will run for every Git push.

You should now see your CI jobs complete successfully, ensuring that quality standards are met.

## Step 4: Release a private item in the DataMiner Catalog

1. On the *Code* tab for your repository on GitHub, on the right, click *Create a new release*.

1. Click *Choose a tag* and enter the version, for example `1.0.0.1-beta1`.

>    You can use any version you want. For a pre-release, a "-text" suffix is usually used.

Reviewer: Just to be sure, could you confirm that this is indeed the suffix used? It seems an odd choice.

Author: It can be -abc   -blabla   -helloworld   -beta1  ...
So I called it -text
Technically it's regex: -.*   but that didn't seem clear in a doc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can use any version you want. For a pre-release, usually a suffix is added, which can contain any text, e.g. "-beta1" in the example above.
```
